a full box in the sports hall martiniplaza in groningen where the red
supporters crowd for dos 46 is included and the whole for the die
hedges the first cross final to determine who will become a finalist next week
in sportpaleis ahoy this is a great promotion at stand 2 2 is the party
slingerland who heard the ball through the hive with a lepre movement and the
lead for the hunter is growing
try the number of weak ones from that hunt
with rob center in amman house your heart ap a house and suzanne van
greenings
how to capture this is nice to watch out for we fear the core feared
a house the lead grows for the hunter is pink against 4
dos 46 with a box of hulzebos hunting for the equalizer for the easy
scoring player is that hulsebos
this is a hit that seems easy to me oh so hard
nevertheless it went in it is 3 against 6
Robin Hulsbos match in the homes
Hulsebosch and through he likes levin and then that shot so very much
fluent and very easy
it is the position 4 against 6
shortly before calm hulsebos
the duel between lead still two points for the team from the hague
the hunter's purse, but this can be bought considerably
shoot fast in action
connection hit a fact
some mistakes baby hedges that are immediately punished do dos 46
traveled a lot of audiences from Nijeveen
adventurous
encourage
and a leg cam of violence in the martin sports hall that places in
Groningen again drink merchants from the sidelines the shot
the closure has been realized it is the same
and the position is still the same in the final phase
the best schoolhouse it seems for growers get 14 13 in look at
which the light in the eyes toward even more purpose
intentions get a point difference in the final phase
free ball pays attention to a mistake
the running of again andré coopers and he did that again
this very annoying because the ball chopped anp on the spot it is kees slingerland
going for the punishment is extremely important and without any problem
that ball in it
14 against 14
so it turned out so with shame on the jaws
violation also caused a penalty throw
last attack and who does not score goes to ahoy
the waist also gets the ball
was invisible in the match
But the decision seems to force worthless bunches of roses Hulsbos Holman
hopefully makes an effort to score but the difference is a point in it
advantage of the hunter also this man does not arrive
is the final signal
the audience of
dos 46 de ser disappointed and the yellow canaries of the hunter ten o'clock the field
newcomer 9 that next week all the beautiful decor of the final where everyone
case the hunter